c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\SignalRServer.exe.config
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\obj\Debug\SignalRServer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\SignalRServer.exe
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\SignalRServer.pdb
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\obj\Debug\SignalRServer.exe
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\obj\Debug\SignalRServer.pdb
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\shayan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SignalRServer\SignalRServer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
